
== 3.2.5

The following are the fixed issues for 3.2.5 release.

* Txn map keyset and values with portable entries is not working
correctly. https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3152[[#3152]]
* `TransactionalMap.{putIfAbsent(k, v), replace(k, v), replace(k, v1, v2), remove(k, v)}`
methods never release lock after transaction ends.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3149[[#3149]]
* Test failure at `ClientMapTest.testMapStatistics`.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3138[[#3138]]
* `NetworkConfig.setReuseAddress` is not available in the XML.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3122[[#3122]]
* When a selector fails to open, the `AbstractSelector` does not throw
an exception, but logs it and then continues. Also, when `select` throws
an IOException, this exception is not dealt correctly.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3105[[#3105]]
* Test failure at `QueryBasicTest.testInPredicateWithEmptyArray`.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3060[[#3060]]
* Hibernate cache flush leaves ClientMapProxy in an inconsistent state.
This cache flush triggers `IMapRegionCache.clear()` and the
implementation here does not look correct since it leaves the ``map''
field in the inconsistent state (_context = null_) and prevents any
further use of it.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3004[[#3004]]
* Fixes operation execution/invocation on IO threads issue.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/pull/2994[[#2994]]
* Node cannot recover from `MergeOperation` if target node exits the
cluster. https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2937[[#2937]]
* Client fails to run due to the lack of `ClientTestApp` class.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2817[[#2817]]
* Using Hazelcast Queue, assume that there is a system in which messages
are actively being consumed by one consumer. When a second Hazelcast
instance is started (i.e.Â second consumer for the same queue), Hazelcast
throws an exception, then continues normally and there are two competing
consumers on the same queue.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2805[[#2805]]
* `IMap.submitToKey` and `IMap.executeOnKey` in combination with nodes
joining/leaving the cluster result in data loss.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2785[[#2785]]
* Too much delay for deciding heartbeat timeout.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2766[[#2766]]
* When multiple predicates are combined by an `AndPredicate`, the first
`IndexAwarePredicate` that is not indexed will be added to the ``no
index'' list twice.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2531[[#2531]]
* There appears to be a leak in the memory in
`SecondsBasedEntryTaskScheduler` when idle timeout is enabled on a map.
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2343[[#2343]]
