
== 3.3.1

The following are the fixed issues for 3.3.1 release.

* MapReduce Combiner creation is not threadsafe, but certain operations
on mapping phase might need a concurrent creation of the combiners
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3625[[#3625]].
* When `connectionTimeout` property in ClientNetworkConfig is set to
`Integer.MAX_VALUE`, the client could not connect to cluster since a
default 2000 ms. extra value is added to `connectionTimeout` while
connecting https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3615[[#3615]].
* User provided list results from combiner is colliding with the
internally used multi-result list
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3614[[#3614]].
* While committing collection transactions, the collection item is being
added to the collection container. However, this gives the warning
``There is no suitable de-serializer for type'' warning. Instead of
collection item, transactional item should be added to the container
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3603[[#3603]].
* `MaxSizeConfig` constructor should convert zero size to
`Integer.MAX_VALUE`
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3579[[#3579]].
* If deserialization of the client request fails, the exception is not
propagated back to the client
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3557[[#3557]].
* ``Lock is not owned by by the transaction'' exception. This exception
was received while testing how transactions are working with Map and
MultiMap for some last Hazelcast releases
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3545[[#3545]].
* Main classes in `manifest.mf` files are not correctly set
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3537[#3537].
* Count of evicted events may exceed the map size when ``read backup
data'' feature is enabled
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3515[#3515].
* `mancenter.war` from Hazelcast release 3.2.5 cannot be deployed to
Glassfish 3.1.2.2 and it fails to deploy
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3501[#3501].
* While evicting entries from a map with the method `evictAll`, locked
keys should stay in the map
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3473[#3473].
* In `hazelcast-vm` module, before every test, new server container is
started. And after every test, running server is terminated. This
behavior causes a long test execution time. Server start-up and
termination should be done before and after test class initialization
and finalization
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3473[#3473].
* The method `IQueue.take()` method should throw InterruptedException,
but throws HazelcastException instead
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3133[#3133].
* Multicast discovery doesnâ€™t work without network
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/2594[#2594].
