
== 3.4.1

The following are the enhancements performed for 3.4.1 release.

* When the near cache is used, cached entries from the remote node are
evicted by idleness, despite being read
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4358[[#4358]].
* HazelcastQueryResultsRegion is never expired/evicted. The cleanup()
method in LocalRegionCache for the query cache instances is never
called, thus the query cache lives forever
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/3882[[#3882]].

The following are the fixed issues for 3.4.1 release.

* IMap.getAll does not put data to RecordStore upon loading from map
store https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4458[[#4458]].
* In the ClientNearCache class, there is a comparator which is used in a
TreeSet to find the entries that should be evicted. If there are
CacheRecords with the same hit count or lastAccessTime (depending on the
policy, i.e.Â LFU or LRU), all of them should be evicted
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4451[[#4451]].
* When using write-behind and the entries, which have not been stored
yet, are evicted, duplicate calls to the map store is made
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4448[[#4448]].
* There is a memory leak caused by the empty await queues in
WaitNotifyService. When more then one thread try to lock on an IMap key
at the same time, a memory leak occurs
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4432[[#4432]].
* ClientListener is not configurable via ListenerConfig.
HazelcastInstanceImpl.initializeListeners(Config config) does not honor
ClientListener instances
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4429[[#4429]].
* The CacheConfig(CacheSimpleConfig simpleConfig) constructor is broken.
Variable assignments should be fixed
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4423[[#4423]].
* In ReplicatedMap, the containsKey method should return false on the
removed keys
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4420[[#4420]].
* During the Hazelcast.shutdownAll() process, LockService is shut down
before the MapService and this may cause null pointer exception if there
is something like isLocked check in some internal IMap operations
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4382[[#4382]].
* Hazelcast clients shut down in the case of an IP change of one or more
of the configured node (DNS) addresses
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4349[[#4349]].
* Write-behind system coalesces all operations on a specific key in a
configured write-delay-seconds window and it should also store only the
latest change on that key in that window. Problem with the current
behavior is; a continuously updated key may not be persisted ever due to
the shifted store time during the updates
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4341[[#4341]].
* Issue with contains pattern in Config.getXXXConfig(). Since the actual
wildcard search always does a contains matching, you cannot set a
configuration for startsWith, for instance
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4315[[#4315]].
* ReplicatedMapMBean is not present in JMX
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast/issues/4173[[#4173]].
